[TextField] Add support for vertical content above input (#5392)
Shopify/polaris: polaris-react/src/components/TextField/README.md

<!-- /content-for -->

### Text field with vertical content

> Use to include custom vertical content before the input in the TextField.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use to include custom content above the input value, like selected tags.
```
